(Blog) 2021-02-12 Status Update (#193)
puppetlabs/iac: _posts/2021-02-12-status-update.md

- [`puppetlabs-stdlib#1160`][puppetlabs-stdlib-pr-1160]: "Stdlib::Email type", thanks to [b4ldr][b4ldr] and the following people who helped get it over the line ([pegasd][pegasd])
- [`facterdb#168`][facterdb-pr-168]: "Add Darwin 19 (macOS 10.15) x86_64 Support", thanks to [yachub][yachub]
- [`facterdb#167`][facterdb-pr-167]: "Remove `clientX` facts from solaris factsets", thanks to [alexjfisher][alexjfisher]
- [`pdk#937`][pdk-pr-937]: "(RE-13453) Remove old gpg key from build_defaults.yaml", thanks to [e-gris][e-gris]
- [`puppet-modulebuilder#33`][puppet-modulebuilder-pr-33]: "Store Ruby version as a Gem::Version in a var", thanks to [ekohl][ekohl]
- [`puppetlabs_spec_helper#334`][puppetlabs_spec_helper-pr-334]: "Add gemspec required_ruby_version", thanks to [alexjfisher][alexjfisher]

Check [all the ways to reach us]({% link _posts/2021-01-20-reaching-out.md %}) if you want to directly contact us about anything module related.

## New Module / Gem Releases

The following modules were released this week:

- [`puppetlabs-firewall`][puppetlabs-firewall] (`2.8.1`)
- [`puppetlabs-postgresql`][puppetlabs-postgresql] (`6.10.1`)

> - [`puppetlabs-puppet_litmus`][puppetlabs-puppet_litmus] (`0.23.1`)

Reviewer: `puppetlabs-` prefix is incorrect.

Author: Fixed

> - [`puppetlabs-puppetlabs_spec_helper`][puppetlabs-puppetlabs_spec_helper] (`3.0.0`)

Reviewer: same here.

Author: Fixed

Also starting this week we have begun to prepare the ibm_installation_manager to run the tests on cloud ci. As part of the that  we are able to replace the dependent packages required for the testing with trial versions and executed against them successfully. We will be working on porting those packages to google cloud storage and access from there for automated test runs on cloud ci.

  [puppet-litmus-pr-385]:       https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet_litmus/pull/385
  [puppetlabs-testing-issues]:  https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-testing/runs/1863891582?check_suite_focus=true

## Removal of Inappropriate Terminology

As of the linked [ticket][puppetlabs-helm-pr-140] being merged in puppetlabs-helm I am happy to announce that we have finished our work in the removal of all possible instances of inappropriate or offensive terminologies from our supported modules and altered their primary branches to be the `main` branch.
As part of this announcement I would like to remind everyone the the old `master` is no longer updated and will be removed from the modules in the future and so would urge anyone directly referencing it to instead target the `main` branch.

>   [puppetlabs-helm-pr-140][https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-helm/pull/140]

Reviewer 2: Incorrect link format:
```suggestion
  [puppetlabs-helm-pr-140](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-helm/pull/140)
```

Author: Link fixed

## A Sad Day for the IAC Team

> Alongside all this weeks good news we have some sad news to announce. It is an end of an era, a good friend and colleague [TP Honey][TP] is leaving Puppet today for pastures new. TP has been a role model and mentor, to all within the IAC team and his contributions have helped so many in our opensource community. As he leaves the team would like to remind TP that all PR's are welcome.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alongside all this weeks good news we have some sad news to announce. It is an end of an era, a good friend and colleague [TP Honey][TP] is leaving Puppet today for pastures new. TP has been a role model and mentor, to all within the IAC team and his contributions have helped so many in our Open Source Community. As he leaves the team would like to remind TP that all PRs are welcome.
```

Author: Grammar updated
